Add documentation for recording rule backfiller (#8674)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/storage.md

## Backfilling for Recording Rules

### Overview

When a new recording rule is created, there is no historical data for it. Recording rule data only exists from the creation time on. `promtool` makes it possible to create historical recording rule data.

### Usage

To see all options, use: `$ promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules --help`.

Example usage:
```
$ promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules \
    --start 1617079873 \
    --end 1617097873 \
    --url http://mypromserver.com:9090 \
    rules.yaml rules2.yaml
```

The recording rule files provided should be a normal [Prometheus rules file](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/).

The output of `promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules` command is a directory that contains blocks with the historical rule data for all rules in the recording rule files. By default the output directory is `data/`. In order to make use of this new block data, the blocks must be moved to a running Prometheus instance data dir `storage.tsdb.path` that has the flag `--storage.tsdb.allow-overlapping-blocks` enabled. Once moved, the new blocks will merge with existing blocks when the next compaction runs.

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: Can we have an extra blank line here? please

```

After the creation of the blocks, move it to the data directory of Prometheus. If there is an overlap with the existing blocks in Prometheus, the flag `--storage.tsdb.allow-overlapping-blocks` needs to be set. Note that any backfilled data is subject to the retention configured for your Prometheus server (by time or size).

## Backfilling for Recording Rules

### Overview

> When a new recording rule is created there is no historical data for it, rather recording rule data only exists from the creation time on. However there is a `promtool` subcommand that makes it possible to create historical recording rule data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new recording rule is created, there is no historical data for it, Recording rule data only exists from the creation time on. `promtool` makes it possible to create historical recording rule data.
```

### Usage

> ```

Reviewer: This copy and paste seems fragile, I would remove it.

Reviewer: Maybe say: To see all the options, use `promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules --help`

Reviewer 2: We could setup auto-generated one, but if we do, let's make Pr at some point for all commands (:

Author: @bwplotka Is there somewhere we already have the auto-generated one setup? Or would that be something new? If we want to proceed with that, is it worth creating an issue for it?

Create blocks of past data for new recording rules.

Flags:
      --url=http://localhost:9090
                            The URL for the Prometheus API with the data where the rule will be backfilled from.
      --start=START         The time to start backfilling the new rule from. Must be a RFC3339 formatted date or Unix timestamp. Required.
      --end=END             If an end time is provided, all recording rules in the rule files provided will be backfilled to the end time. Default
                            will backfill up to 3 hours ago. Must be a RFC3339 formatted date or Unix timestamp.
      --output-dir="data/"  Output directory for generated blocks.
      --eval-interval=60s   How frequently to evaluate rules when backfilling if a value is not set in the recording rule files.

Args:
  <rule-files>  A list of one or more files containing recording rules to be backfilled. All recording rules listed in the files will be backfilled. Alerting rules are not evaluated.

```

Example usage:
```
$ promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules \
    --start 1617079873 \
    --end 1617097873 \
    --url http://mypromserver.com:9090 \

>     rules.yaml,rules2.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    rules.yaml rules2.yaml
```
I think this is space separated (or at least it should be)

Author: good catch.

```

> The recording rule files provided should comply with Prometheus rule documentation [here](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recording rule files provided should be a normal [Prometheus rules file](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/recording_rules/).
```

The output of `promtool tsdb create-blocks-from rules` command is a directory that contains blocks with the historical rule data for all rules in the recording rule files. By default the output directory is `data/`. In order to make use of this new block data, the blocks must be moved to a running Prometheus instance that has the flag `--storage.tsdb.allow-overlapping-blocks` enabled. Once moved, the new blocks will merge with existing blocks when the next compaction runs.

> A couple of important things to note:

Reviewer: Should we have a subtitle for this? like `limitations` ?

- If you run the rule backfiller multiple times with the overlapping start/end times, blocks containing the same data will be created each time the rule backfiller is run.

> - Output blocks are in 2 hr chunks.

Reviewer: I would not specify that as we plan to have this configurable.

- All rules in the recording rule files will be evaluated.

> - If the `interval` is set in the recording rule file that will take priority over the `eval-interval` flag in the rule backfill command.

Reviewer: I would add that as a limitation, rules in the same group can not see the results of the previous rules.
I would also add that we ignore alerts.
